gh-103997: Remove incorrect statements about `-c` dedenting (#138624)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/3.14.0b1.rst

.. nonce: BS3uVt
.. section: Core and Builtins

String arguments passed to "-c" are now automatically dedented.
Only space-based and tab-based indentations are supported;

> empty lines are also not normalized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. nonce: BS3uVt
.. section: Core and Builtins

String arguments passed to "-c" are now automatically dedented.

> Only supports spaces and tabs and doesn't normalize empty lines.
> This allows "python -c" invocations to be indented

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Only space-based and tab-based indentations are supported;
empty lines are also not normalized.
This allows "python -c" invocations to be indented
```
